What is up guys and what Kamarck so you can see that now our domain has been propagated and it's been
like only 30 minutes not more than that.
And you can see that if I refreshed this you can see that this page is being loaded.
So this is how it works.
If I want to add anything right here this will appear OK.
So let's just check this OK.
If I want to add a file I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to add file and the file name is going to be.
Hello dot h t m l.
OK I don't want to create new file so you can see that it says hello HVM mail.
I want to edit this edit OK and edit.
So here now you can see that I added this whole mail and then let's see how this file is going to look
so I want to add.
Hello walde.
And I'm going to hit Save now.
So now let's go ahead and let's view our page here.
And I want to hit this so here if I now refresh rate this page here again to see how this is going to
look.
You can see that haloed on each team is coming.
And if I open this up you can see this is coming hello world so this is how our this domain is propagated
and this is basically called Root editor.
OK I'm just going to come here and I'm going to delete this file.
Ok I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit delete.
There we go.
Now what I want I want to install would present this.
OK so how I'm going install this.
So we know the first method that how a word press is installed.
You just have to go to the building you would say OK and
then you have to select your domain name.
OK so our domain name would be complete double course dot com.
OK and I want to just hit next and the word press will be installed in my this directory.
So this directory is basically referring to this home or root directory and this root directory is basically
this one.
OK so what you have to do you have to then just hit next.
And then you have to hit block title admin user first name last name and admin email and then press
will be installed on this.
But instead we will be using a different method today.
I'm going to show you how this is going to look.
OK so what you have to do have to just close this when there right now.
OK you have to go to the host get to the main panel OK and you have to come here and we basically need
to install WordPress in it.
So how were you going to do this.
Let me close all these tabs
OK.
I want to go to W.P. dot org.
OK it's going to redirect you to WordPress start where g.
OK and then you will have to download WordPress you have to just said this is going to kill you to download.
You have to just download and it's will be downloaded.
So let's go ahead and download if existing file was complete showdown with complete the other waitress
Umit.
OK you can see that WordPress is right here.
The WordPress downloading has been completed.
I have to open the folder.
This is the folder that is right here.
I want to just extract it.
OK so let's extract
let's add Kancil let's just delete this file.
OK because I have this file right now already and this is creating some mess.
So here should be would press
OK.
This is the word Press.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit extract and you can see that word press should be extracted
right now.
So here is the Word Press right now I'm just going to come here and hear it as everything.
So what I want to do right now.
I just want to select all here and I want to come here and I want to hit add to archive and this should
be zip.
OK I'm going to hit OK and this file is going to be zip now so this is my wordpress file.
Basically I just want to come here.
I want to come here and I want to hit upload.
OK and here I am going to upload the file.
I'm just going to hit select File.
I'm going to go to desktop great now and sorry I want to go to the downloads file compressed and then
here should be a word press.
And here's a WordPress zip.
I want to just click this and I can see that this press is being uploaded.
So after this is uploaded Let's wait till it till it is uploaded.
OK you can see that it is 100 percent complete.
I'm going to now go back to my this one so it's going to take me back and you can see where that tip
is right here.
I want to come here and I'm going to hit extract too.
It should be extracted to extract files and I can see that word processor has been extracted.
Now what we want.
We need to reload and again see that every file is right here.
I want to just come here and I want to delete this file.
OK let's just hit script trash and delete permanently delete confirm and he can see that everything
has been delayed.
The word that zip has been deleted and now let's to view it so he can see if I just enter the complete
W.P. course dot com.
You can see Ovenden will appear and it will say to set up my wordpress.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit English United States.
I'm going to click continue.
And there we go.
You can see.
Welcome to WordPress before getting started.
We need some information on the database.
You'll need to know the following items before proceeding.
So I want to know the database name that I mis use a name that is passed for a database host and table
Prefect's.
So what I want to do I want to just go click Let's go.
And here I am in the Wordpress database so that my wordpress database name is going to be OK.
We need to basically create a database.
Now how are you going to do that.
We're going to go down and here it takes my admin my ask Cuil databases.
I want to open this up OK here I have to create a new database and this database is going to be complete.
C o m c.
Complete blue.
Of course.
I want I just hit.
Create database.
The database should be created you can see that the database has been created.
I'm going to go back
and here we go you can see that database has been created.
Now I want to assign this database a user so that database user is going to be my own user.
I'm going to add my own name that is going to be Tanz.
I want to enter the password right now.
So
here we go.
The password has been entered.
Now what I want to do I want to hit create user so the user should be created right now.
OK the user has been created.
Now I want to go back OK and I want to go down and you can see that I have these users right here said
this was the user that was automatically created when we installed would PRAST from that site essentially.
OK so now what we want to do is that we want to add the user to the database.
I want to add this user to this.
See Delury currish database.
I want to hit add and you can see that I want to hit all privileges and I want to hit make changes.
Here we go.
I want to go back now
and now here you can see that database.
Is this the privileged user is this and everything is totally OK.
So I want to copy my database name right now I want to come here to this database name and I want to
paste it ok.
I want to seem like this.
I want to enter the user name so my user name is going to be
here and we need to copy this username.
OK.
Copy come here and paste seemed like this will want to enter the password
OK and database host is going to be localhost and the table Prefect's.
So if you want to run multiple WordPress installation in a single database change this.
So if you want to run a lot of multiple WordPress installation like if you want to install three or
four Boy press you will be creating subdomain names here and we will be moving on with this.
So I just wanted to add a prefix to BWP mean OK.
Sloopy main underscore.
And then this.
OK so what I have to do I have to now hit submit and again see
OK let's try again.
So there is a problem.
OK.
I want to come here and want to make this to be
OK let's go ahead and let's try to enter this.
Musically I entered the wrong password.
That is why it gave me an error.
Now let's hit submit and I can see that everything is done.
Now what I have to do I have to just run the install so you can see that the installation has been completed
and now we have to enter the site title username password email and search engine visibility.
OK so now you can see that our insider WordPress database if I just tried to open up the HP my admin
you can see that here would be all my wordpress database files.
OK.
It is redirecting me.
Let's wait and see in this panel.
I have seen of course.
So I have no tables found in this right now.
But once I entered that information I want to enter the information to my type site title is going to
be complete
w p course OK.
My user name is going to be my name and who should be my password.
So
and I want to enter my e-mail address.
OK.
And I want to hit install We dress.
OK so let's say this and again see that word press has been installed.
And now when I refresh this you will see that all the press installation is done here in this database.
So I'm basically telling you that one is the back end of word press Howard press is used Howard press
has made and order everything.
So you can see that in this table I mean in this career options I have these my you or our home blog
name blog description admen email and everything right here.
So this is our words this is basically the loop and the scroll options.
This is the blue and the school users would have allowed every user right here or I will have my password
safe and everything so everything is saved and this is actually my school password OK.
So this is how it is working.
If I just come here and I just basically hit log in let's say log in and again see.
Now I want to add to this my this and I want to also add the password
OK here we go you can see that I am in the dashboard.
I can now just hit Please update now.
So you need to update it.
I'm just going to hit update now.
And it is of the day.
Here you go.
You can see that word plus four point nine point one has been updated.
So this is how red is looking.
We have a complete course dot com up and running totally.
OK so you can see so this will be basically we will create our complete B course and information about
it.
What this complete will be Corps is about.
But we will.
But we will be doing that and later on.
First I will just create a subdomain name ok I'll show you how to create a subdomain name and how can
you create so many websites.
So basically I want to create so many Web sites in this.
OK I want to show you each and every thing that how Wordpress is worked how can you create different
type of website with wordpress.
OK so I'll show you everything and we will be moving on with this in the upcoming video.
So Stadion guys and Buh-Bye.